>Aspergillus_aculeatus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccaactccaaacctgcctcgaccaactagcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctaggctacctaacaacctaccacgataacagccccgccacccccccaccaacc
accgcgcccgccgcgcccgcgctcgccaaaatccccaagaactcctccgcgcccccggtc
cccgccagcgcgcccctcgccgcccagcagagcaaccaaacccaacaacaaacacccgcc
gagccacaaccagcacaaccaggcgcggccgaagacaca---------------------
---------acaggcacagcccaagaccccgccctcccgccggcgcccgactcgccccgg
acgttcgcggcgcggcagcgcgagctggcccgggatctggtgctcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtatttgattagtgtgctgccggggattgggtcgagtgaggcggagcaggagcaccgc
atccgggagctggagggggagttgaggcggtgggagggggtgaggggggagaggatgctg
cagctcaaggcgttgagggggcggttggagggggtgttgggggcgatggaggtggggata
tatggggagcgggaggtt------
>Aspergillus_arachidicola|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacattctaacgcagctccaaacctgtctcgatcaactcgcaacccaattctac
gccacaataggctacctcgtaacctatcacgataattcacccgcaatcccaccccaaaat
gaccccactgccgcgcctgccctcgccaaaatcaccaagaactcgaccgcgccgcccgtc
cccgctggtgcgcct---------------------gcaggctcccaagcatccccacaa
caacaatcggctcaaatcccaggccaacagcagcaaggaggtggtgatgcaggacagaca
cccggagctggagggacgggcgccgacccgaatctaccgcctgcgccggattcgccgcgg
acgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggagttggcgagggatttggtcatcaaagagcagcagatt
gagtatctgatctcggtacttcctggaattgactcgtcggaggcggagcaggagaggagg
ataaaagagttggagaaggagctgagaagcgcggaggaggacagggaacaaagagtgcgg
gaattgaggaagttgcgaaagaagctggagaatgttttaggagctgttgaggtgggaatc
tatggagatcgcggggttgtggcg
>Aspergillus_awamori|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctcacgcaactccaaacctgcctggaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctctgctacctcacaacctaccacgacaacatccccgcgacgccacccccgaca
acgccgagcgccgcacccctcctcgcaaaaatccccaagaacgcatcaacacccccggtg
cccgcgtccgcgccccaagcagca---------caatcccaatcgcaagcgtcgccgcca
ccacccgacagcaccaaccccccgggccagggaccgaatgcagacaaccagcaacaaaac
gcagatggg------------acagcagaagggtta---cctgcgccggatagtcccgct
acgtttgctgcgcggcagagggagttggcgcgggacctggtgattaaggagcagcagatc
gaatacttgattagtgtgttgcccgggatagatagtagtgaggcggagcaggagagaagg
attcgggaactggagggggagttgagggttgtggagggggtgagggaggagaggaggagg
gagttgggggtgttgaggaagaggttggagggggttttgggggtggtggagagggggatt
tattctaggggt------------
>Aspergillus_bombycis|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacattctaacgcagcttcaaacctgtctcgaccaactcgcaacccaattctac
gccacattaggttatctcgtaacctatcatgataattcacccacaatccccccccaaaat
gatcccactgctgcgcccgccctcgccaaaatcaccaagaactcgagcgcgccgcccgtc
cccgccggcgcgcct---------------------gctgcctcccaagcatccccacaa
caacaagcggcccaaatcccaggccaacagcagcaaggaggcggtgatgcaggtcagaca
cccggagctggagggatggccgccgacccgaatctgccgcctgcgccagattcaccgcgg
acatttgcaagtcggcagcgcgaattggcgagggatttggtgatcaaagagcagcagatt
gagtatttgatctcggtacttccaggaatcgactcgtcagaggcggaacaggagaggaag
attagggagctggagaaggaactgaggagtgccgaggaggacagggaacagagagttcgg
gaattgaggaagttgcgaaagaagctggagaatgttttgggggctattgaggtggggatt
tatggggatcgtggcatcgtggcg
>Aspergillus_brasiliensis|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctaacccaactccaaacctgcctcgaccagctagccacccaattctac
gcaaccctctgctacctaacaacctaccacgacaacatccccgcgacgcctcccccaaca
acacccaacgccgcgcctctactggcaaaaatccccaagaacgcatccacacccccgaac
cca---------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
---gatggg------acgggagcggcggagggactagcacctgcgccggacagcccggcg
acatttgcggcacgacagagggagctggcgcgggatttggtcatcaaggagcagcagatt
gagtacttgattagtgtgttgcccgggatagatagtagtgaggcggagcaagagagacgg
attcgggagctggagggggagttgagggttgtggagggggtgagggaggagaggagacgc
gagttgggggcgttgaggaggaggttggagggtgttttgggggtggtggagagggggatt
tattcgaggtct------------
>Aspergillus_calidoustus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcggacattctaacccaactccaaacatgccttgaccagctcgcaacccaattctat
gccacaatcggctacctaacaacataccacgacaactcccctgcgacagtcccggaccat
---ccaaccgcagcgcccgcactcgcaaagatccaaaagaactccacaaacccacctatc
cccgccagcgcagccgcgatcctc------------gcaaactcgcaagcatcaccatcc
---------------------ggcgcaggcgctacaacgccggggcctatagcaactgtt
ccagga---acgggaacgggggaggacccgacgctcccgccgcgcccggactcgccgagg
acgtttgcggcgaggcagcgcgagcttgcgcgtgatttagttatcaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatcttgtctcggtgctgcctgggacggggtcttcggaggcggagcaggaggggagg
attcgagctcttgagaaggagttgaggggggcggaggagcagagggctaagcgggttagg
gagctgagggctttgagaaggagggttgaaggggtgttaggggctgtggaaggaggaatt
tatggaggaagtgcc---------
>Aspergillus_candidus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatactcacccaactccaaacatgcctagaccaactcgcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctaggctacctaacaacctaccacgacaacacgcccgcaaccccacccgccaac
gaacccacctctgcgcccgccctcgccaaaatgccccgaaactcaaccgccccgccagcc
cccgcctccgccccagcagcagccgtaacagcaaacgccgccacccaaggctcccccccg
ccccag---ccccaacaaccctcctccacc------------------------accaat
cccgacggc------acggtaacggatcccaccctgccccccgagcccgactccccgcgg
acgttcgccgctcgccagcgcgaactcgcccgcgacctcgtgattaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatttgatttctgtgctgccggggattgattcgagtgaggcggagcaggaggggagg
attcgggagctggagggggagttgcggggtgttgagagggagagggaggagagggttgcg
gagttgaggatgttgagggggaagttggagggggtgttgggggcggtgcaggtggggatt
tacggggagagggcg---------
>Aspergillus_carbonarius|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctcacccaacttcaaacctgtctagaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
tccaccctaagctacctaaccacctaccacgacaacatcccaacaacccccccacccaac
gtccccccctccgcccctccattagcaaaaatccccaagaactcttccacgcccccc---
---------------------------------------------------aatccc---
------------------------------------------------------------
---------gaaggaggggaaacggatccagcgcta---cctgctccggacagtgcggag
ctcttcgcggcgcgacagcgcgaactggcccgggacttggtgattaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatttggttagtgtgttgcccgggattgggagtagtgaggaggagcaggaacggagg
attcgggaattggagggggagttgagggttgtggagggggagagggaacggaggagaagg
gagttggcggagttgaggaggaggttgggttctgttcttggggtgttggagaggggggtt
tat---------------------
>Aspergillus_chevalieri|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccaactccaaacctgcctcgaccagctagcaacccaattctac
gcgaccctaggctacctaacaacctaccacgacaactcccccgcaaccccaccc---caa
gtccacgacgctgccccagctctcgcaaaaatcaccaagaactccaccgcccaccccgtc
ccagccaacgtcgcatcacaa---------------tcccaatcccaagcctcaccacct
cct------cccggccaagcaggcggcggaccagaaacaccgggtggggctgatggtggt
gccggcggt---ggagaaccgaacgatcca---cttgctccggcgcctgatccgccaagc
acgtttgcgagtcggcagagggagttggcgagagatttggttatcaaagagcagcagatt
gagtacttgatttctgtgttgccgggaattgggtcgtcggagaaggagcaggaggttagg
cttagggagttggaaggggagttgaggacggttgaggatgagagggaacggaaggttagg
gagttgagggtgctgaggaggaagttggagggtgtgttgggaggtgttgagaagggaatt
tatggggagagg------------
>Aspergillus_clavatus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctcacccagctccagacctgtctagaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaacaatcggctacctaagcacctaccacgacaactcgcccgcaacaacacccaccaac
atccccaacgccgcccccgccctcgccaaaatccccaagaactccaccgcgccgcccgtc
cccgccggcgctcccgtgccc---------------------tcgcaatcctcgcctccc
ccaccg------------------------------------------------caaacc
cagcgcggcagcgaggccgccgcggacccgaacctgccgcccgcgccggactcgccgcgc
acgttcgcgagccgccagcgcgaactggctcgggacctcatcatcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtatctgatctcggtgctgccggggattgactcgtccgaggcggagcaggagaagcgg
attcgcgagttggaggcggagttgcgcggcgtggaggaggagcgcgaggcgaagattcga
gagttgaggacgttggggaggaccttggagagggtcatgggggcggtggagacgggcatc
tatggggatcgggcggtgttggag
>Aspergillus_cristatus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccaactccaaacctgcctcgaccagttagcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctaggctacctaacaacctaccacgacaactcccccgcaaaccaaccc---caa
gtccacgacgcagcccccgccctcgcaaaaatcaccaagaactccaccgcccaccccgtc
ccagccaacgtcgcatcacaa---------------tcccaattccaagcctcaccacct
cct------cccggtcaagcaggcggcggaccagaaacaccgggtggggctgatggtggt
gccggtggtggaggagaaccgaacgatcca---cttgctccggcgcctgatccgccaagc
acgtttgcgagtcggcagagggagttggcgagggatttgattatcaaggagcagcagatt
gagtacttgatttctgtgttgccgggaattgggtcgtcggagaaggagcaggaggttagg
ctcagggagttggagggggagttgaggacggttgaggaggagagggaacggaaggttagg
gagttgagggtgctgaggaggaagttggagggtgtgttgggaggtgttgagaagggaatt
tatggagagagg------------
>Aspergillus_delacroxii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgatatcctcacccagctacaaacatgccttgaccagctcgcaacacaattctac
gccacaatcggttacttaacaacctaccacgacaactcccccgcaataccgccggacaac
---ccaacgtccgcacctgcccttgccaagatccaaaagaactctacaaacccgcctatc
cccgccggcgcggccgcaatactc------------aatgcatcacaaggttccccaccc
---------------------ggcgccgcagcagtgacgcccggcccggcacctaataca
gctggtgaaggagccgctcggcatgaagaagggctcccccctcgtccggattcaccgcga
acgttcgcggcgcgacagcgagaattggcgcgtgatttggtcatcaaggagcagcaaatt
gagtatttgatttcggtattgcccgggattgggtcatctgaggcggaacaggaacggcgg
ataaggaagttggaggaggagttgagggctgtggaggaggaaagggagaaaagagttggg
gagttgagagtgctgaggaggagggtagaagaggttttgggggccgtggaagggggtatc
tatgggggaagc------------
>Aspergillus_fischeri|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccaactccaaacctgcctagaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gccacaataggctacctaagcacctaccacgacaactcccccgcaatcccacacccagac
gtcccagacgccgccccagccctcgccaaaatccccaagaactccaccgcgcctccagtt
cccgccggcgcaccggttccc---------------gcgcagtcccaggcctcccctcca
gcccagaatcccgcgcatggcgccgcaggcggcacaagcgtaggcgagggcgggcaaacg
cccggcccagcgggcgcaggcgcggacccaaacctg---ccggcgccggatagtccgcgg
acgtttgcgagtcgtcagcgggagctggcgcgggatcttatcatcaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatttgatatcggtgttgccggggattgatagctccgaggcggagcaggagaagcgg
attcgggagttggagggggagttgaggcgggtcgaggaggagcgggaactgaagatgagg
gagttgaagaggttgaggaggacgctggagaatgtgctgagggcagttgagacggggtta
tatggggatcgggagctacttgag
>Aspergillus_flavus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacattctaacgcagctccaaacctgtctcgatcaactcgcaacccaattctac
gccacaataggctacctcgtaacctaccacgataattcacccgcaatcccaccccaaaat
gaccccactgccgcgcctgccctcgccaaaatcaccaagaactcgaccgcgccgcccgcc
cccgctggtgcgcct---------------------gcaggctcccaagcatccccacaa
caacaatcggcccaaatcccaggtcaacagcagcaaggaggcggtgatgcaggacagaca
ccaggagctggaggggcgggtgccgacccgaatctaccgcctgcgccggattcgccgcgg
acgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggagttggcgagggatttggtcatcaaagagcagcagatt
gagtatctgatctcggtacttcctggaattgactcatcggaggcggagcaggaaaggagg
attaaagagttggagaaggagctgagaagtgcggaggaggacagggaacaaagagtgcgg
gaattgaggaagttgcgaaagaagctggagaatgttttaggagctgttgaggtgggaatc
tatggggatcgcggggctgtggcg
>Aspergillus_fumigatus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccaactccagacctgcctagaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gccacgataggctacttaagcacgtaccacgacaactctcccgcaatcccacccccagac
gtcccagacgccgctccagccctcgccaaaatccccaagaactccaccgcgccgccagtc
cccgccggcgcaccggttccc---------------gcgctgtcccaggcctcccccccg
gcccagaatcccgcgcatggcgccgcaggcggcacaagcgtaggcgagggcgcgcaaacg
cccggcccagcgggcgcaggtgcggacccgaacctg---ccggcgccggatagtccgcgg
acgtttgcgagtcgtcagcgggagctcgcgcgggatttaatcatcaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatctgatatcggtgttgccggggattgatagctccgaggcggagcaggagaagcgg
attcgggagctggagggggagttgaggcaggtagaggaggagcgggaactgaagatgagg
gagttgaagaggttgaggaggacactggagaatgtgctgacggcagttgagacggggtta
tatggggatcgggagctactcgag
>Aspergillus_glaucus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctcacccaactccagacctgccttgaccagctggcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctaggctacctaacaacctaccacgacaactccccagcaacccaaccc---caa
gtccccgacgccgcccccgccctcgcaaaagtcaccaagaactccacggcccaccccgtc
ccagcaaacgtcgcatcgcaa---------------tcccaaggtcaagcctcgccacct
ccc------cccggccaaccaggcggcggaccagaaacaccaggtgggggtgatggcggt
gccggtgttggaggggatctgagcgatcca---cttgctccggcgccagatccgccgagc
acgtttgcgagtcggcagagggagttggcgagggatttaattattaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatttgatttcggtgttgccagggattgggtcgtcggagaaagagcaggaggttagg
cttagggagttggagggggagttgaggacggttgaggaggagagggaacggaaggttagg
gagttgagggggctgaggaggaagttggagggtgtgttgggaggtgttgagatggggatt
tatggtgagagg------------
>Aspergillus_kawachii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctcacgcaactccaaacctgcctggaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctctgctacctcacaacctaccacgacaacatccccgcgacgccacccccgaca
acgccgagcgccgcacccctcctcgcaaaaatccccaagaacgcatcaacacccccggtg
cccgcgtccgcgccccaagcagca---------caatcccaatcgcaagcgtcgccgcca
ccacccgacagcaccaaccccccgggccagggaccgaatgcagacaaccagcaacaaaac
gcagatggg------------acagcagaagggtta---cctgcgccggatagtcccgct
acgtttgctgcgcggcagagggagttggcgcgggacctggtgattaaggagcagcagatc
gaatacttgattagtgtgttgcccgggatagatagtagtgaggcggagcaggagagaagg
attcgggaactggagggggagttgagggttgtggagggggtgagggaggagaggaggagg
gagttgggggtgttgaggaagaggttggagggggttttgggggtggtggagagggggatt
tattctaggggt------------
>Aspergillus_lentulus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccaactccaaacctgcctagaccagctcgcaacccagttctac
gccacaataggctacctaagcacctaccacgacaactcccccgctatcccacccccggac
atcccagacgccgctccagccctcgccaaaatccccaagaactccaccgcgcctccagtc
cccgccggcgcaccggttccc---------------gcccagtcccaggcctcccctccc
gcccagaatcccgcgcatggcgccgcaggcggcacaagtgtaggcgacggtgggcagacg
cctggcccagcaggcgcaggggcggacccgaacctg---ccggcgccagacagcccgcgg
acgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggagctggcgcgggatcttatcatcaaagagcagcagatt
gagtatttgatatcggtattgccggggattgatagctctgaggcggagcagcagaagcgg
atccgggagttggagggggagttgagggcggtcgaggaggagcgggaattgaagatgagg
gagttgaagaagttgaggaggacgctggagaatgtgctgagggcggttgagacggggata
tacggagatcgggagctacttgag
>Aspergillus_luchuensis|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctcacgcaactccaaacctgcctggaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctctgctacctcacaacctaccacgacaacatccccgcgacgccacccccgaca
acgccgagcgccgcacccctcctcgccaaaatccccaagaacgcatcaacacccccggtg
cccgcgtccgcgccccaagcagca---------caatcccaatcgcaagcgtcgccgcca
ccacccgacagcaccaaccccccgggccagggacagaatgcagacaaccagcagcaaaac
gcagatggg------------acagcagaagggtta---cctgcgccggatagtcccgct
acgtttgctgcgcggcagagggagttggcgcgggatttggtgattaaggagcagcagatc
gagtacttgattagtgtgttgcccgggatagatagtagtgaggcggagcaggagagaagg
attcgggaactggagggggagttgagggttgtggagggggtgagggaggagaggaggagg
gagttgggggcgttgaggaggaggttggagggggttttgggggtggtggagagggggatt
tattctaggggt------------
>Aspergillus_nidulans|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctcacccagctacaaacatgccttgaccagcttgcaacacaattctac
gccacaatcggttacttaacaacctaccacgacaattccccagcaataccgccggacaac
---cctacgtccgcacccgccctcgccaagatccagaaaaactcgacaaacccgcctatc
cccgccggtgcagccgcaatactc------------aacgcatcacaaggttctccatcc
---------------------ggcgccgcagcagtgacgcccggcccggcacctaatgca
gccggcgaaggagcagcacgacaagaagaagggctcccccctcgtccggactcaccgcga
acattcacggcgcgacagcgagaattggcgcgtgatttggtcatcaaggagcagcaaatt
gagtatttgatttctgtattgcccggaattgggtcatccgaggcggagcaggaacggcgg
ataaggaagttggaggaggagttgagggcggtggaggaggaaagagagaaaagggttagg
gagttgagagtgctgaggaggagggtagaagaggttttgggggccgtagaggggggtatc
tatggggggagctcatac------
>Aspergillus_niger|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcttaacccaacttcaaacctgcctcgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcgactctatgctacctaacgacctaccacgacaacatccccgcgacgccgcctcccaca
acccccagcgccgcgcccctactagcaaaaatccccaagaacgcatctacccccccggtc
ccagcgtccgcgccccaagcagca---------caatcccaatcgcaagcctcgccacca
ccacccgacaccgcaaatccccaaaccggagggcagcatgcagat---cagcaacaaagc
ccagatggt------------------gaaggtcta---cctgcgccggacagccccgct
acatttgcagccagacaacgggaactagcgcgcgatctcgtcatcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtacttgattagtgtgttgccggggatagatagtagtgaggcggagcaggagaggcgg
atccgggagctggagggggagttgaggattgtggagggggtgagggaggagaggagacgc
gagttgggggtgttgaggaggaggttggagggtgttttgggggtggtggagagggggatt
tattctagggat------------
>Aspergillus_nomius|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
ctaggccggctcttcacccagctccgacttttcgcggaccaagttcgggcccagtttcgt
cgatgcctg------------------cat------------------------------
---------------------------cgtcgcggccgccgacgcgcagcggctcaaatc
cca---------------------------------ggccaacagcaacaa---------
------------------------------------ggaggcggtgatgcaggacagaca
cctggagctggagggacggccgccgacccgaatctgccgcccgcgccagattcaccgcgg
acgtttgctagtcggcagcgggaattggcgagggatttggtgatcaaagagcagcagatt
gagtatttgatctcggttcttccaggaattgactcgtcggaggcggaacaggagaggaag
attagggagttggagaaggaactgcggagtgccgaggaggacagggaacagagagttcgg
gaattgaggaagttgcgaaagaagctggagaatgttttgggaggtattgaggtggggatt
tatggggatcgtggagtcgtggcg
>Aspergillus_novofumigatus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctaacccaactccaaacctgcctagaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gccacaataggctacctaagcacctaccacgacaactcccctacgatcccacctccagac
gtcccagacgccgccccagccctcgccaaaatccccaagaactccaccgcgccgccagtc
ccagccggcgcaccggtccca---------------gcgcagtcccaggcctcccctcca
gcccagaatcccgcacatggcgctgcaggcggcacaagcgtaggcgacggtgggcaaacg
cccggcccggcgggcgcaggggcggacgcgaacctg---ccggcgccggatagcccgcgg
acgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggaattggcgcgggatcttatcatcaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatttgatatcggtgttaccggggattgatagctctgaggcggagcaggagaagcgg
attcgggagttggaggggaaggttgaggaggacgctggagaatcatatcaaaaagtgcat
cccagggaaaccctgcaggattatattgagagctctgttacgagctgcgagcga------
------------------------
>Aspergillus_ochraceoroseus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctcacgcaactccaaacctgcctggaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctctgctacctcacaacctaccacgacaacatccccgcgacgccgcccccaaca
acgccgagcgccgcacccctcctcgcaaaaattcccaagaacgcatcaacacccccggtg
cccgcgtccgcgccccaagcagca---------caatcccaatcgcaagcgtcgccgcca
ccacccgacagcaccaaccccccgggccagggacagaatgcagacaaccagcaacaaaac
gcagatggg------------acagcagaagggtta---cctgcgccggacagccccgct
acgtttgctgcgcgacagagggagttggcgcgggatttggtgattaaggagcagcagatt
gagtacttgattagtgtgttgcccgggattgatagtagcgaggcggagcaggagagaagg
attcgggagctggagggggagttgagggttgtggagggggtgagggaggagaggaggagg
gagttgggggcgttgaggaggaggttggagggggttttgggggtggtggagagggggatt
tattctaggggt------------
>Aspergillus_oryzae|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacattctaacgcagctccaaacctgtctcgatcaactcgcaacccaattctac
gccacaataggctacctcgtaacctaccacgataattcacccgcaatcccaccccaaaat
gaccccactgccgcgcctgccctcgccaaaatcaccaagaactcgaccgcgccgcccgcc
cccgctggtgcgcct---------------------gcaggctcccaagcatccccacaa
caacaatcggcccaaatcccaggtcaacagcagcaaggaggcggtgatgcaggacagaca
ccaggagctggaggggcgggtgccgacccgaatctaccgcctgcgccggattcgccgcgg
acgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggagttggcgagggatttggtcatcaaagagcagcagatt
gagtatctgatctcggtacttcctggaattgactcatcggaggcggagcaggaaaggagg
attaaagagttggagaaggagctgagaagtgcggaggaggacagggaacaaagagtgcgg
gaattgaggaagttgcgaaagaagctggagaatgttttaggagctgttgaggtgggaatc
tatggggatcgcggggctgtggcg
>Aspergillus_parasiticus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacattctaacgcagctccaaacctgtctcgatcaactcgcaacccaattttac
gccacaataggctacctcgtaacctatcacgataattcacccgcaatcccaccccaaaat
gaccccactgccgcgcctgccctcgccaaaatcaccaagaactcgaccgcgccgcccgtc
cccgctggtgcgcct---------------------gcaggctcccaagcatccccacaa
caacaatcggctcaaatcccaggccaacagcagcaaggaggtggtgatgcaggacagaca
cccggagctggagggacgggcgccgacccgaatctaccgcctgcgccggattcgccgcgg
acgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggagttggcgagggatttggtcatcaaagagcagcaaatt
gagtatctgatctcggtacttcctggaattgactcgtcggaggcggagcaggagaggagg
ataaaagagttggagaaggagctgagaagtgcggaggaggacagggaacaaagagtgcgg
gaattgaggaagttgcgaaagaagctggagaatgttttaggagctgttgaggtgggaatc
tatggggatcgcggggttgtggca
>Aspergillus_persii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacattctcacccaactccagacctgtctggatcaactagcaacccaattctac
gccaccctaggctacctaaccacctaccacgacaactcgcccgcaacgcccccatcagag
atcgcaaccgccgcgcccgccctcgcgcgcatccccaagaactcctcgtcgccgcccgtc
ccggccagtgcgccc---------------------gcaggatcccaagcctcgcctccg
ccatcgcatcccacacaaccgggccaacaacaacaaccaggcggagaggggggcatcacg
ccgggagggacagccacagggggggatccgaatctaccgctggcggccgactcgccgcgg
gtgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggagttggcgcgcgatctggtcatcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtatttgatttcggtgctgcctgggatcgactcgagtgaggagcagcaggagaggcgg
attaaggagctggagaaggagttgaggggggcggaggaggagagggaggagaggatgagg
gagttgggacggttgaggaagcggttagaagggatgttgggcgctgtggatagggggatt
tatggggatcggtcg---------
>Aspergillus_rambellii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcttaacccaactccaaacctgtcttgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gctaccctcggctacctcaccacctaccacgacaactcccccgccacccctcccccaaat
atcccggatgccgctccgcccctcgccagaatccaaaagaactcgacgaacccgcctatc
ccagcgggggctgctacagtcgtt------------gcgtcgcagcaggcttctccgcca
ccggcaccgggtgctgttccgtcagtagga------------------gggacagcgaca
ggaggaggagatgagggtattgtagatccctcgttgcctccgcgtccggattccccgcgc
acgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggaacttgcacgcgatctcgtgatcaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatttgatttctgtacttcccgggattgggtcttcggaggcccagcaggagaaaagg
atccgcgagctagagggggaattgaggcttgtggaggaggagagggagacgaaaataaaa
gacttgcggaggttacggaggaggttggaggatgttttaggggccgttgaagttggaatt
tatggaaggaga------------
>Aspergillus_ruber|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccagctccaaacctgcctcgaccagctagcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctaggctacctaacaacctaccacgacaattccccagcaatccaaccc---caa
gtccccgacgccgcccccgccctcgcaaaaatcaccaagaactccaccgcccaccccgtc
ccagcaaacgtcgcatcgcaa---------------tcccaaggtcaagcctcaccacca
cct------cctggccaaacaggcggcggaccggaaacaccaggtggtggagatggcggt
gccggtggtggaggaggtctgaacgatcca---cttgctccggcgccagatctgccaagc
acgtttgcgagtcggcagagggagttagcgagggatttaattatcaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatttgatttctgtgttgccggggattgggtcgtcggagaaagagcaagagattagg
cttaaggagttggagggggagttgaggacagttgaggaggagagggaacggaaagttagg
gagctaagggggttgaggaggaagttggagggtgttttggggggtgttgagatggggatt
tatggtgagagg------------
>Aspergillus_sclerotiorum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagatattctcacccaactccagacctgtctggaccaactagcaacccaattctac
gccaccctaggctacctaaccacctaccacgacaactcgcccgcaacgcccccatcagag
atcgcaaccgccgcgcccgccctcgcgcgcatccccaagaactcctcgtcgccgcccgtc
ccggccagcgcgccc---------------------gcaggatcccaagcctcgcctccg
ccatcgcatcccacgcaaccgggccaacaacaacaaccaggcggagaggggggcatcacg
ccgggggggacagccacagggggggatccgaatctaccgctggcggccgactcgccgcgg
gtgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggagttggcgcgcgatctggtcatcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtatttgatttcggtgctgcctggtatcgactcgagtgaggagcagcaggagaggcgg
attaaggagctggagaaggagttgaggggggcggaggaggagagggaagagaggatgagg
gagttgggacggttgaggaagcggttagaaggtatgttgggcgctgtggatagggggatt
tacggggatcggtca---------
>Aspergillus_sojae|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacattctaacgcagctccaaacctgtctcgatcaactcgcaacccaattctac
gccacaataggctacctcgtaacctatcacgataattcacccgcaatcccaccccaaaat
gaccccactgctgcgcctgccctcgccaaaatcaccaagaactcgaccgcgccgcccgtc
cccgctggggcgcct---------------------gcaggctcccaagcatccccacaa
caacaatcggcccaaatcccaggccaacagcagcaaggaggcggtgatgcaggacagaca
cccggagctggagggacgggcgccgacccgaatctaccgcctgcgccggattcgccgcgg
acgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggagttggcgagggatttggtcatcaaagagcagcagatt
gagtatctgatctcggtgcttcctggaattgactcgtcggaggcggagcaggagaggagg
ataaaagagttggagaaggagctgagaagtgcggaggaggacagggaacaaagagtgcgg
gaattgaggaagttgcgaaagaagctggagaatgttttgggagctgttgaggtgggaatc
tatggggatcgcggggtggtggcg
>Aspergillus_steynii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatactcacccaactccagacctgtctggaccaactagcaacccaattctac
gccaccctaggctacctaacaacctaccacgacaactcgcccgccatcccaccaccaggt
atccccaccgccgcgcccgccctcgcgcgcatccccaagaactcatccctgccgcccgcc
cccgccggcgcaccc---------------------gcaggcgcccaagcctcgcctccg
ccctcccacaccgcgcaaccaggccaaccaggtcaactaggcggggagggggccgtgaca
ccaggcggaacaggggcagggggggatccgaacctccctccggcggcggactcgccgcgg
gtgtttgcagcgaggcagagggagttggcgcgcgacttggtcatcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtatttgatttcggtgctgcccgggattgactcgagtgaggagcagcaggagcggcgg
attagggagctggagagggagttgaggggggtggaggaggagagggagttgaggatgagg
gagttggggcggttgaggagacggttggagggggtgttgggggcggtggataggggtatt
tatggcgatcgggct---------
>Aspergillus_sydowii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatactgacgcaactccaaacatgtcttgaccagctagcaacccaattctac
gcaacaatcggctacttaacaacttaccacgataactctcccgcaactccaccccaaaac
---ccaacatctgcacctgccctcgccaaaatccaaaagaactcaaccaatccacccatc
cccgccagcgcagccgcaattctc------aacagttccacatcacaagcatccccgtcc
------------ggcgggcccggagggacagcaacaacgccggggccacctagtaatatc
ggaggtgaaggagaagctgtgggggaagaaggactaccgccgcggccggactcgccgagg
acttttgcggcaaggcagagggagttggcgcgcgatctggttattaaagagcagcagatt
gagtatttgatttcggtacttccagggattgggtcgagcgaggcggagcaggagaagagg
ataagagaattggagggggagttgaggggggtggaggtcgagaggcagcgaagggttaag
gagttgagagttctgcggaagagggtggaaggggttttgggagctgtggataatgggatc
tatggagggccaaga---------
>Aspergillus_taichungensis|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctcacccaactccaaacctgcctagatcaactcgcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctaggctacctaacaacctaccacgacaacagccccgcaacaccacccgcccac
gagccgacctccgcgcccctcctcgccaaaatcccccgcaactccaccgcacccccagcc
ccagcctccgccccagcagcagccgtaacagcaaacgcaacctcgcaaggctcgccccca
ccgcagccgccccaacagccatccgccggc------------------------------
ccggacggcacagcagcaccaccagaccccacgctgcccccggagcccgactcgccgcgc
acgttcgccgcgcgccagcgcgagctcgcccgcgacctcgtcatcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtatttgatttctgtgctgccggggattgattcctcggaggcggagcaggaggggagg
attcgggagttggagggggagttgaggggtgtggagagggagagggaggagagggtgaag
gagctgagggttttgagggggaggttggagggggtgttgggggcgttgcaggtggggatt
tatgggggtggttcttcttcttct
>Aspergillus_terreus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctcacccagctccagacttgtctggaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctgggctacctcaccacctaccacgacaactcgcccgccctcccaccaccacac
atcccggacgccgcgccggccctggccaaaatccccaagaactccagcgcaccgcccgtg
cccgccggcgcgcccgtc------------------------tcgcaagcatctccgccc
cag------ccctctgcccctggtatcgcaacaagcaccggaggcgagggcacaaccacg
ccgggcggagccgccgccccagcagaccccaacctgcccccggcgccggactctccgcgc
acattcgccagtcggcagcgcgaactcgcccgcgacctcgtcatcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtatctcatctccgtgttgccggggattgactcgtccgaggcggagcaggagcggcgc
attcgcgagttggaggcggagctgcgcggtgtcgaggcggagcgcgaacggaggattgtt
gagctgaggcggttgaggaagcagttggagggggtgttgggggctgttgagacgggggtg
tatgggatgcggccgagtgtt---
>Aspergillus_thermomutatus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccaactccaaacctgcctagaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gccacaataggctacctgagcacctaccacgacaactcccccgcaatcccaccctccgac
atcccaaacgccgccccagccctcgccaaaatccccaagaactccaccgcgcccccagtc
ccggccggcgcccccgtcccc---------------gcgcagtcccaggcatcccctcca
gcccagaatcccgcgcaaggcggagcaggcggcgcaagcgtgggcgacggcggccaaacg
cccggcccagcaggcgcaggagcggacccgaacctg---cccccgccggacagcccgcgg
acctttgcgagtcggcagcgggaactggcgcgggatctcatcatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtatttgatatctgtattgccggggattgacagctccgaggtggagcaggagaagcgt
attcgggagttggggagggagttgaggcgggtcgaggaggagcgggaattgaagatgagg
gagttgaagaggttggggaggacgctagagaaagtgctgagggcggttgagacggggata
tatggagatcgggcgctgcttgag
>Aspergillus_tubingensis|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctcacacaactccaaacctgcctggaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctctgctacctcacaacctaccacgacaacatccccgcgacgccaccgcccaca
acgccgagcgccgcacccctcctcgcaaaaatccccaagaacgcatcaacacccccggtg
cccgcgtccgcgccccaagcagca---------caatcccaatcgcaagcatcgccgcca
ccacccgacagcaccaaccccccgggccagggacagaatgcagacaaccagcaacagaac
gcagatggg------------acagcagaagggcta---cctgcgccggatagccccgct
acgtttgctgcgcgacagagggagttggcgcgggatttggtgattaaggagcagcagatc
gagtatttgattagtgtgttgcccgggatagatagtagtgaggcggagcaggagagaagg
attcgggaactggagggggagctgagagttgtggagggggtgagggaggagaggaggagg
gagttgggggcgttgaggaggaggttggagggggttttgggggtggtggagagggggatt
tattctaggggg------------
>Aspergillus_udagawae|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccagctccaaacctgcctagaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gccacaataggctacctaagtacctaccacgacaactcccccgcaatcccacccgcggac
gtcccagacgctgccccagccctcgccaaaatccccaagaactccaccgcgcccccagtc
cccgccggcgcaccggtcccc---------------gcgcagttccaggcctcccctcca
gcccagaatcccgcgcatggcgccgcaggcggcacaagcgtaggcgagggcggccagacg
cccggccca------------gcagacccgaacctg---ccggcgccggacagcccgcgg
acgtttgcgagtcggcagcgggagctagcgcgggatctcatcatcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtatttgatttcggtgttgccgggaatcgacagctccgaggcggagcaggagaagtgt
attcgggagttggagagtgagttgagacgggtcgaggaggagcgggaattgaagatgagg
gagctgaagaggttgaggaggacactggagaatgtgctgagggcggttgagactgggata
tatggagatcgggcgctacttgag
>Aspergillus_ustus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgatattctaacccaactccaaacatgccttgaccaactcgcaacccaattctac
gccacaataggctacctaacaacttaccatgacaactcccccgccacagcccccgaaacc
---cctggcgccgcgccggcccttgccaagatccaaaagaactctacgaacccacccatc
cccgccagcgcggccgcaatcctc------------accaactcacaagcgtctccctcc
---------------------ggtgccggcccgactacgccaggtccaatagcaacggca
ccgggt------------gtcgaggatccaagtctgccgccgcgcccggattcgccgagg
acatttgcggcgcgacagcgtgagcttgcgagggatttggttatcaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatcttgtttcggtactaccggggatcgggtcttcagaggcagaacaggaagggagg
atccgggcattggagaaggagctaagagcggcggaggaggagagggcgaagagggtacgg
gagttgagggctctgaggaggagagttgagggggtgttaggagctgtcgagggaggaata
tatgggggacgt------------
>Aspergillus_versicolor|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatactcacacaactccaaacatgtcttgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaacaatcggctacttaacaacttaccacgacaattcccccgcaactacaccccagaac
---ccaacgtctgcacccgccctcgccaaaatccaaaagaactcaaccaacccacccatc
gccgccagcgcagccgcaatcctc------aacagttccacatcacaagcgtctccctcc
------------ggcgggcccggaggaccagcaacaactccggggccacctagtaatatc
ggaggtgaagcaggagctgtgggggaagaaggactaccgccgcggccagactcaccaagg
acttttgcagcaaggcagagggagttggcgcgcgatctggttattaaggagcagcagatt
gagtacttgatttcggtgcttccggggattgggtcgagtgaggcggagcaagagaagcgg
ataagggagttggagagggagctgaggggggtcgaggaggagaggcagcgaagggtgaag
gagttgagggtgctgcgtaagagggtggaaggggttttgggcgctgtggataatggtatc
tatggagcgccaaaa---------
>Aspergillus_wentii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctcacccaactccaaacatgcctcgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gccaccctaggctacctcagcacatatcacgataactcgcccaccattccacccccccaa
gtccccgacgccgccccagctctcgccaaaatccccaagaactcgtccgcgccgccagca
ccggccggtgtcccc---------------------gccgcagcccaagcctcaccacca
ccgccgcaatctgcgcaacttgcccgtggtgcgtcagagaccggccag------------
---------ggaggagaagtcgttgatccgaatctaccgcctgcgccggactcgccgcgc
acgttcgctagtcgacagagggagttggcgcgggatttgatcatcaaggaacagcagatt
gagtacttgatctcggttctgcctgggattgggtcgtctgaggcggagcaagaaagtaag
atacgggagttagagaaggagttgagaggtgtcgaagaggagagggagcagaaggctaaa
gagttgaagaagctgagacggagattggagacggcgttgggggcagttgagactgggatc
tatgggaatcgaggacacttgatg
>Aspergillus_westerdijkiae|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagatatcctcacccaactccagacctgtctggaccaactagcaacccaattctac
gccaccctaggctacctaacaacctaccacgacaactcgcccgcaatcccaccccccgga
atcagtaccgcagcgccagccctcgcacgaatccccaagaactcgtccctcccaccagca
ccagccggcgcacca---------------------gccggcgcccaagcctccccacca
ccatcgcaccccacacaaccaggcggcgac------------gcagagggcact------
---------------ggactaggagacccgaaccttccgccagcggccgacgcgccgcgg
gtatttgcgagtcggcaaagggagttggcgcgcgacctcgtcatcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtacttgatctccgtgctgccggggatcgattcgagtgaggagcagcaggagaggagg
attaaggagttggagaaggagttgaggggggtggaggaggagagggaggagaggatgagg
gagttgggacggttgaggaaacggttggagggggtgttgggggctgtggagaggggggtt
tatggggatcggtcgttg------
>Basipetospora_chlamydospora|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
accatggataggctgacacaattacaagatgctgtagaccagctcgccctgcagttcgtc
gcgggcatccacttcgcgcacaaacgccacgacctcgagaccctcggccccaacgacaag
atccgcaacgtcaag---------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
---------------caggaagaggagcaagatgtgaaccccctccca------gaggaa
gagttccgcgccggactcgtcgagctatcacgcgacctcattctcaaggaacagcagatc
gaggtcctgatatcgacgctccccgggctcgacagcagcaagaaggaccaggagcagtgc
ataaaggagctcgaggaggagctaaaggccgccgaggagcagcggcaggacgcgattaag
gagaaggatagggtggtgcggcatctggaccagatcctgaagagcgtccagagaccg---
------------------------
>Coccidioides_immitis|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcggatattctcacccagcttcaaacatgccttgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gccacggttgcctacctaacaacctaccatgatcactcacccgccatcccaccccccagt
gttcccagcgcggtcccacagctcaaaaagatccctaaaaaccct---ccccccgccgct
cccacatctggcactgcaaccaat------------actcccggcgccgccggtgggcca
tctggcgacactaaagacgctgctgccgga------------------------------
ccgtctaatcaacaccaagaacaaccgcccgacgccccaccacgtccggactcaccgaat
acattcctcatgcgccagcgcgagctggctcgtgatcttattatcaaagaacagcagatt
gagtacttgattagcgttctaccagggattaaatccagcgaggcggagcagcaggagcga
ataaagcaacttgcggaggagttaagagtggttgaagaagagcggagtgcaagaaggaga
gagctgcggagattgggagagaaagtggacgggctgttgggggcggtgagtagggggaca
---ggtatttcgaattcaggc---
>Coccidioides_posadasii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcggatattctcacccagcttcaaacatgccttgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gccacggttgcctacctaacaacctaccatgatcactcacccgccatcccaccccccaat
gttcccagcgcggtcccacagctcaaaaagatccctaaaaaccct---ccccccgccgct
cccacatctggcactgcaaccaat------------actcccggcgccgccggtgggcca
tctggcgacactaaagacgctgctgccgga------------------------------
ccgtctaatcaacagcaagaacaaccgcccgacgccccaccgcgcccggactcaccgaat
acattcctcatgcgccagcgcgagctggctcgtgatcttattatcaaagaacagcagatt
gagtacttgattagcgttctaccggggattaaatccagcgaggcggagcagcaggagcga
ataaagcaacttgcggaggagttaagagtggttgaagaagagcggagtgcaagaaggaga
gagctgcggagattgggagagaaagtggacgggctgttgggggcggtgagtagggggaca
---ggtatttcgaattcaggc---
>Histoplasma_capsulatum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcggacatcctcacacaacttcaaacatgtttggaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcgaccctctgctacctaacaacctaccacgatcacgccccagcaaccccgccctccaac
atcccaaccgcaattccacaactgaaaaaaatcccaaaaaaccct---tccccc------
---------accgctaccacatcc------accaccaca------aaagccgcctccccg
---------------caacccacaacc---------------------------------
cccgctgccgcccagcaacaagaaccgtcgccagcagaacctacccccgacccccccgag
atctttgccctgcggcagcgcgagctagctcgtgacctgattatcaaggaacagcagatt
gagtacctcatcagcgttttgccgggggtagggagtagcgaagcggagcaggaagagagg
attaggcggttggcggaggaattacgggttgtggaggcggagaggagggagaagaggaag
cagatgaggaagttgggagagagagttgatgagttgttggaggccgtggaaacgggg---
------------------------
>Microsporum_canis|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcggatattctcacgcagcttcaaacatgcctcgatcagctggcgactcaattctac
gctactctctgctatctcacaacttaccatgaccattcacccgccatacctccatcaaac
atcccaaccgcgattcctcagttgaagaaaataccgaaaaacgca---ccgccaaacact
ccagctaaccagcctacctcagga---------caagcgcgaggccaagat---------
cagcagcagcagcagcaacaacagcagcaa------------------------------
gatggtgcaggagctcaagagcagaacagagaccttccgccacggcccgattcaccgaac
acttttgctcaacgacagagagaattggctagagatttaattataaaggaacagcagatt
gaatatcttatcagcgtgcttcctggtataggcagcagtgaagcagagcaagaagctaga
atacggcaactggctgatgagttacggttggcggaaaaggtgcggagacagaaacggagg
cagatgaggaaactagcgagaggtgtgattcgagtgctaaggacacccggaaatattatt
tctaagtctgcaaag---------
>Monascus_ruber|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccaactccagacctgtctagaccagctagcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctctgctacctaacaacataccacgacaacgcacccgcaacaccacca---gac
gtcccagacactgccccagctctcgcgaagatccccaaaacttcctccgcgccccccgtt
cccgcctcggcacccttatca---------------gctcagcagcaagtc---------
------------------cttggtaccggc------------------------------
gcgggtgcagcaggggcagtatcagatccaaacgtccctcccgagccagactcggcgcag
acctttgcgcggagacagcgtgaactagcgcgtgatctgatcatcaaggaacagcagatt
gagtatctgatctctgtgcttccggggattgggtcatcggaggcggagcaagagaaccgg
attcgtgagttggggaaggagttgaagagggtcgagggggagaaggaggagaaggcgagg
gaattgagagttctgaggaggaggttagagaggatgttggaggctgttcaggttgggatt
tatggtgatcgtgggaggttcata
>Neurospora_crassa|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atgagcgaccgtctctcgcaactccaagaggctgttgaccagctaatggagcaattcata
gccacctacttctacatcgaccgacaccacgacctcaagaccttcagccccaaagacacc
atcgcgccctccaaa---------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
---------------gccgaccagccgcccgaagttgacaccctcccc------ccggac
gtgttccaagcagggcagctagaacttgcgcgcgacctgatcacgcgagagcagcagatc
gagtacctgatttcgagcttgccgggcctcgataatagcgagcaggaccagttgcagagc
atcaaggagctcgaggaggagctgaatgtggcggagaaacagaggcaggaggcggtcaag
gagaaggatgaggtgttggtgaagttggatcagacgttgaggagtattaggcggtat---
------------------------
>Paracoccidioides_brasiliensis|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcggacatcctcacacaactacaaacatgtctagatcaactcgcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctctgctacctaacaacctatcatgaccactccgccgcaatccgcccctccaat
atccccaccgcaatcccacaactgaaaaagatccccaaaaatcct---cctcccggcatc
tctgccgccaccgccacgacaaca------acgacaacaggtggaactgcctccactccc
---caaccacaacagcaacccaacacc---------------------------------
cctgttgctgcagctcaacaacagcagtcacccacagaacctaccccagacaccgccgag
gtcttcgcgcagcgtcagcgcgagctagcacgcgatcttatcatcaaggagcaacagatt
gagtaccttatcagcgtgttgccgggggtggggagtagtgaggcggagcaggaagaacgg
attagacggcttgcagaggagttgagagttgtcgaggctgaaaggagggtgaagaggaga
gagatgaggaggctgggggagatggttgatgagttattaggtgccgtggaaaggggg---
------------------------
>Penicilliopsis_zonata|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagatatcctgactcagctgcaaacatgtcttgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gccaccctgagctacctcaccacctaccatgacaactcgcccgccacgccgccgtcaaat
acacccaacgcggcgcctgctctagcgaagatccctaagaactcaaccgcgccgcccgtg
cctgcctcggcgcccgtcctg---------------------gaaccagagaccccggct
ccagcgccagcacaactaccacagggggacaaagatacaccgggagga------------
gcaggagcagcaggagcaggagtcgatccggctctaccccccgcaccagactcgccgcgc
acattcgcccggcggcagcgggagctcgcccgcgacctgatcattaaggagcagcagatc
gaatacctgatctctgtgctgccggggatcggctcgtccgagacagagcaggaggcgcgc
atccgtgagctggaaaaggacttgagggctgcggaggccgagcgcgagagtaaagcgcag
ggactcaaggtgctccggaagaggttggagaatgtgctcggggccgtcgaggtgggcatt
tacggggatagagaaatatccctt
>Penicillium_antarcticum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctcacccagctccagacctgcctcgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaacactcggctatctcacaacataccacgacaatgcccctacaacaccacctccaaac
gtcccagatgccgcaccagccttagcaaagatcaccaagaactcctcatcaccaccagtc
ccagcagctatcgcaaatacagcaggcgccgcagccgcacaaggatctggatctcctcca
cttgcacggcctcaacaacccggtgctgcg------------------------------
cctgaagcaccgatagatggagaagaccctaatttccccccggcgccggattcccctcgc
acatttgcgagtcggcagcgggaacttgcgcgtgaccttattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gaatatctgatctctgtgcttcctggaatcggtgcttcggaagctgagcaagagagcaga
atccgggaactggagggggagcttcggggtgttgagacggagagggctgctaaagtccgg
gatttgaagaagctcagggctcgtctggagagtgtgttggatgctgtttctgttggtatt
tacggagacagtcagtatcaaaag
>Penicillium_arizonense|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctcacccagctccagacctgtcttgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaacactaggctatctcacaacataccacgacaatgcacctacaacgccacccccagat
gtcccagacgccgcaccagccctagccaaaataaccaagaactcctcatcaccaccagtc
ccagcagctatcgcaaacacagcgggcgccgcagccgcacaaggacctggatctccccca
ctcgcgcggccccaacaacctggcgctgca------------------------------
cccgaagcaccagtagaaggagaagaccctaatcttcccccggcgccggactcaccccac
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggaacttgcgcgtgacctcattatcaaggaacagcaaatc
gaatatcttatctctgtgctgcctggtatcggtgcctccgaggctgagcaggagaccagg
attcgggagctggagactgagctacgaagtgtcgagacggagcgggctgctaaagtgcgg
gaactgaagaagctgaggacccgtttggagagtgttttgaatgctgtttctgttggtatt
tatggagacagtcaatatcagaag
>Penicillium_biforme|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacgcagctccagacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacactcggttatctcataacataccacgacaatgcccccacaacaccaccaccgaat
gtccccgacgcagcaccagccctagccaagatcaccaagaactcgtcgtcaccaccggtc
ccagcagccatcgcgaataaagtgggtgcagccgccgttgcaggcaatgcctcaccccca
catgcgcctcctcaacaacccggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggacagcagtagatggtgaagatcccaaccttcctcccgctccagactcacccagc
acatttgcgagccgtcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctccgtgcttcctgggattggtgcatctgaggctgagcaagagaccaga
atccgggagctggagactgagcttagaggcgttgagaaggagcgcactgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaaattgaggactcggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
cacggggatgggtatcctcaaaag
>Penicillium_brasilianum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctcacccagctccaaacatgtcttgaccagctcgcaactcagttctat
gccactctaggctatctcagtacctaccatgacaactcccccgccatacctccaccaggc
atccccaatgccgctcccgccctagccagaatgtccaagaacacaacctcaccacccgtc
cccgcctccatcgcagcctcggcagcaggcgcagcagccgctggcgccgcatccccagtc
cccccaccaactcagcaacccggtacagag------------------------------
ccgggggca---gccgaaggtgaagatccaagtctccttccacaaccggactcgccgcgc
acattcgcagcccggcagcgggagttggcgcgtgatcttattatcaaagaacagcagatc
gagtatttgatctctgtgctgccgggaattggggcttcggaggcagagcaagaggctagg
attcgggaattggagacgcagttgcgggaggtggagaaggagcgtgtcgcaaaggcggag
gagttgacgcaattgagaggcaggttggagaatgtgctggatgccgtttcggtgggactc
tatggtgatagg------------
>Penicillium_camemberti|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacgcagctccagacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacactcggttatctcataacataccacgacaatgcgcccacgacaccaccaccgaat
atccccgacgcagcaccagccctagccaagatcaccaagaactcgtcatcaccaccggtc
ccagcagccatcgcaaataaagtgggtgcagccgccgttgcaggcaatgcctcaccccca
catgcgcctcctcaacaacccggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggacagcagtagatggtgaagatcccaaccttcctcccgctccagactcacccagc
acatttgcgagccgtcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgatcttattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctccgtgcttcctgggattggcgcctctgaggctgagcaagagaccaga
atccgggagctggagaccgagcttagaggcgttgagaaggagcgcgctgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaaattgaggactcggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
cacggggatgggtatcctcaaaag
>Penicillium_capsulatum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctcacccagctccagacctgtcttgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaacactaggctacctcacaacataccacgacaatgcacctacaacaccacccccaaat
gtcccagacgccgcaccagccctagccaaaatacccaagaactcctcatcaccaccagtc
ccagcagctatcgcaaacacagcgggtgccgcagctgcacaaggacctggatctccccct
ctcgcgcggccccaacaacctggcgctgcg------------------------------
cccgaagcaccagtagaaggagaagaccctaacctccccccggcgccggactcaccccac
acatttgcgagccggcaacgagaactcgcgcgtgacctcattatcaaggaacagcaaatc
gaatatcttatctctgtgctgcctggtatcggtgcctccgaggctgagcaggagaccaga
attcgggagctggagactgagctacgaagtgtcgagacggagcgggctgctaaagtgcgg
gaactgaagaagctgaggacgcgtttggagagagttttgaatgctgtttctgttggtatt
tatggagacagtcaatatcaaaag
>Penicillium_carneum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacattctcacgcagctccagacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacgcttggctatctcacaacataccacgacaatgcccctacaacaccaccacctaat
gtccccgacgcagcaccagccttagcaaagatggccaagaactcgtcatcaccaccggtc
ccagcggccgtcgcaaataaagtgggtgcagtcgtcgttgcaggaaatgcatcacccccg
cttgcacctcctcaacaacccggagctgca------------------------------
ccggggactgcaccagaaggtggagatcccaatcttcctcccgcgccggattcacccagc
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggaacttgcgcgtgatctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctctgtgcttcctggaattggcgcttctgaggctgagcaggaaagcaga
atccgggaactggagacagagcttagagacgtcgagaaagagcgcgctgcaaaagtgcgg
gagttgaaaaagttgcggactcggctggaggatgttctcggtgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
catggagatgggtactcccagaat
>Penicillium_chrysogenum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgatattctcacgcagctccagacttgtctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacacttggctatctcacaacctaccacgacaatgcccccacaacaccaccgcctaat
gtcccagacgcagcaccagccctagccaaaatcatcaagaacaagtcatcaccaccagta
ccagcatccatcgcaaacaaggccggagcagcggccgttgcaggaaacgcatcacccccg
cttgcgcctcctcaacaacctggagccgca------------------------------
ccagcaacagcaccagaaaaccaagatcccaaccttcctcccgcaccagactcaccccgc
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggaacttgcgcgcgatcttattatcaaggaacaacagatc
gagtacctcatctctgtgcttcctgggattggcgcctctgaagctgagcaagaggccaga
atccgggaacttgagacagagcttagaggcgtcgagaaggagcgtgctgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaagttgcggacacggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgttgctgtgggtatc
catggggatgagtaccctcgaaag
>Penicillium_citrinum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagatatcctaacccagttacaaacttgtctcgatcagctcgcaactcaattctac
gcaacactcggctacctcagtacctaccatgacaattcccccgcgatcccccctccaaac
gtcccagatgcagccccagctctagcaaggatgtccaaaaacacaacatcaccaccgatc
cccgcctcagtcgcagcatctgcagaagcaagtggtgcaggtccagccgcgtcaccacct
cctccacaaccccaacaacctggagccgcc------------------------------
ccaggagcc---gcagaaattcaagatccaaatcaacctccagaaccagatcccccccgc
acatttgccagtcgtcagagagaactcgccagggatctgattatcaaggagcaacagatc
gagtaccttatctctgtcttacctggtattgggacctcggaggctgagcaagaagccaag
attcgtgaattagaggtccagctcagagaagttgaggagaaacgcgaggcgaaggctctg
gaattgaagaaattgcggggaaaattggagaatgttctcggtgctgtttcg---ggtgtc
acaggcgagactggtgct------
>Penicillium_coprophilum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacattctcacgcagctccagacttgtctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacacttggctatctcacaacataccacgataatgctcccacaaca---ccgcctaat
gtccccaacgcagtaccggccctagccaagatcactaagaactcgacaacaccaccggtc
ccggcagccatcgcaaacaaaatgggtgcagccgccgttgcaggaaatgcatcacccccg
catgcgcctcctcaacaacctggagctgcg------------------------------
ccaggagtagcgccagaaggtggagatcccaaccttcctcctgcgccggattcacccaga
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgacctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtacctgatctctgtgcttcctgggattggcgcctctgaagccgagcaagaagccaga
atccgggaactggagacagagctcagagaagtcgagaaggagcgcgctgcgaaagtccgg
gacttgaagaagttgaggactcggcttgaggatgtcctgggcgctgtggctgtgggcatc
tatggagatgggtatcttcaaaag
>Penicillium_decumbens|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcggacattctcacccagctacagacttgtcttgaccagcttgcgactcaattctac
gcaacgctcggctatctcacaacttaccatgacaattcccccgccatcccacctccaaat
gtcccaaacgccgccccagccctagccaaaatctccaaaaatacaacatcaccaccagtc
ccagcctccattgcagcaggcggcggc------------gcaggacaagcatcaccgaac
cccccacccacacaacaacccggcacagga------------------------------
gaaggcgaa------aaccaacaagacccgaaccttcctccacggcccgactcaccccgc
acattcgcagctcgacagcgcgagctggcgcgtgatctcattatcaaagagcagcaaatc
gagtacctgatctctgtgctccccggtatcggtgcctctgaagctgagcaagagtcaaag
atccgcgagctagaggctcaattacgggaagtggagaaggaacgcatggccaagacatac
gagttgcggaagttgagggccagattggagagtgttcttggtgctgtttcggtggggatc
tatggtgataaggaatatcagaag
>Penicillium_digitatum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacacagctccagacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacacttggctatctcataacataccacgacaatgtccccacaacaccaccaccaaat
gtccccaacgcagtgccagccctagccaagatcaccaagaactcgtcgttaccaccggtc
ccagcagccatcgcaaataaagtgggttcagccgccgttacaggaaatgcatcacccccg
catgcgcctccccagcaacccggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggaaagcaacaggtactgacgatccgaatattccacccgctccagactcacccagc
acatttgcgagccggcaacgggaacttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaggaacaacagatc
gagtaccttatctctgtgcttcctgggattggcgcctctgaggctgagcaagagaccaga
atccgggaactggagacagagcttagagatgttgagaaggaacgtgctgcgaaagtgcgg
gagttaaagaagttgagaactcggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
catggggatgggtatgctccaaag
>Penicillium_expansum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacacagctccagacttgtctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacacttggctatctcacaacataccacgacaatgccccaacaacaccaccgccaaat
gtccccaacgcagtaccagccctagccaagatcaccaagaactcgtcatcacccccggtc
ccagcagctatcgcaaataaagtgggtgcagccgccgttgcaggaaatgcatcacccccg
catgcgcctcctcaacaacccggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggacagcactacagggtgatgatcccaaccttcctcccgcgccagactcacccagc
acatttgcgagccgccaacgagagcttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctctgtgcttcctggaattggcgcctctgaagccgagcaagagaccaga
atccgggaactggagatagagcttagagacgttgagaaggaacgcgctgcgaaagtgcgg
gagttgaaaaagttaaggactcggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgttgctgttggtatc
catggggatgggtacccttcaaag
>Penicillium_flavigenum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgatattctcacacagctccagacttgtctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacacttggctatctcacaacctaccacgacaatgcccccacaacaccaccgcctaat
gtcccagatgcagcaccggccctagccaagatcatcaagaacaagtcatcaccgccggta
ccagcatccatcgcaaacaaggccggagcagcggccgttgcaggaaacgcatcacccccg
cttgcgcctcctcaacaacctggagccgca------------------------------
ccagcaacagcaccagaaaatcaggatcccaaccttccccccgcaccagactcaccccgc
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggaacttgcacgcgatcttattattaaggaacaacagatc
gagtacctcatctctgtgcttcctgggattggcgcctctgaagctgagcaagaggctaga
atacgggaactggaaacagagcttagaggcgttgagaaggagcgtgctgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaagttgcggactcggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgttgctgtgggtatc
catggggatgagtaccctcaaaag
>Penicillium_freii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacgcagctccaaacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacactcggttatctcacaacataccacgataatgcccccacaacaccaccaccgaat
gtccccgacgcagcaccagccctagccaagatcaccaagaactcatcatcaccaccggtc
ccagcagccatcgcaaataaagtgggtgcagccgccgttgcaggcaatgcatcaccccca
catgcgcctcctcaacaacccggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggacagcagtagaaggtggagatcccaaccttccccccgctccagactcacccagc
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgacctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctccgtgcttcctgggattggcgcctctgaggctgagcaggagaccaga
atccgggagctggagactgagcttagaggcgttgagaaggagcgcgctgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaagttgaggactcggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
cacggggatgggtaccctcaaaag
>Penicillium_fuscoglaucum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacgcagctccagacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacactcggttatctcataacataccacgacaatgcccccacaacaccaccaccgaat
gtccccgacgcagcaccagccctagccaagatcaccaagaactcgtcgtcaccaccggtc
ccagcagccatcgcgaataaagtgggtgcagccgccgttgcaggcaatgcctcaccccca
catgcgcctcctcaacaacccggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggacagcagtagatggtgaagatcccaaccttcctcccgctccagactcacccagc
acatttgcgagccgtcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctccgtgcttcctgggattggtgcatctgaggctgagcaagagaccaga
atccgggagctggagactgagcttagaggcgttgagaaggagcgcgctgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaaattgaggactcggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
cacggggatgggtatcctcaaaag
>Penicillium_griseofulvum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacgcagctccagacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacccttggctatctcacaacataccacgacaatgcgcctacgacaccaccgccgaat
gtccccgacgcagtacctgccctggccaagatcgctaagaactcgtcagcgccaccggtc
ccagcagccatcgcaaacaaagcgggtgcagccgccgttgcaggaaatgcatcaccccca
caagcgcctcctcaacaacctggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggacggcacgagaaggggatgatcccaaccttcctcccgcgccagactcacccaga
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtacctcatctctgtgcttcctggtattggcgcctctgaggccgagcaagagaccaga
atccgagaactggagacagagctcagagacgttgagaaggagcgggctgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaagctaaggactcgtctagaggatgtactcggcgctgtggctgtgggaatc
cacggggatgggtaccctcgaagg
>Penicillium_italicum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacacagctccagacttgtctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacccttggctatctcacaacatatcacgacaatgcccccacaacaccaccaccaaat
gtccccaacgcagtaccagccctcgccaagatcaccaagaactcgtcatcaccaccagtc
cccgcagccatcgcaaataaagtgggagcagccgccgttgcaggaaatgcatcacccccg
catgcgcctccccaacaacccggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggacggcaccacaaggtgacgatcccaacgttcctcctgcgccagactcacccagc
acatttgcgagccggcaacgggagcttgcgcgcgacctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctctgtgcttcctgggattggcacctctgaggctgagcaagagaccaga
atccgggaattggagacagagcttagagatgtcgagaaagaacgcgctgcgaaagtgcgg
gaattgaaaaagttgaggactcggctggaggacgttctcggtgctgtcgctgtgggtatt
tatggcgataggtatcctctgaag
>Penicillium_janthinellum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctgacccagctccaaacatgtcttgaccagctcgcaactcaattctac
gccacgctaggctatctcagcacataccatgacaactcccccgccacccctccaccaggc
gttcccaacgccgctcccgccctagccaaaatgtccaaaaacacaacctcaccacccgtc
cccgcctccatcgcagcctcagcagcaggcgcagcagccgccggcgccgcttcaccagtt
cccccgccaactcaacagcccggtgcagag------------------------------
ccaggagct---gtggaaggcgaagatcccagtctcctgcctcaaccagactcgccgcgt
acctttgcggctcggcagcgggagctggcgcgtgatctgatcatcaaagaacagcagatc
gaatacctgatctcagttttgccgggaattggtgcctcggaggcggagcaggaggccagg
attcgagaattggagacgcagttgcgggaggtggagaaggagcgtgttgcgaaggctgag
gagctgaagcagctgagaggtcggttggaggatgtgctgggtgctgtttctgtgggactc
tatggtgatcgg------------
>Penicillium_marneffei|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacattctaacccaactccaaacctgtctcgaccagctcgcgactcagttctac
gcaaccctctgctacctcagcacataccacgaccatgttcccgccacaccacccccagga
attacagactctatgccatctctagccaaaattcct------------------------
---ctcgcaaaacaaaccgccgaa------------caacaaggtcaagcctcaccatcg
ttgggagtttcaggcgcaggcggagcaggaacgctccctccgggcgctggagcaggaatg
ccgtcgttgatacctggtcagggagatccgaatcagccaccagtacccgattcgcctcag
ctgtttttgtatcggcaaaaggaactagctcgcgatttgatcattaaggaacaacagatt
gagtatctgattggaagattacctggcatcgggtcgtcggaagcagaacaggaagcgcgg
attcgggaattggaaagcgaactgagacaggttgagcaagcgagggagaagaaagcgagg
gagttgaagaagttggggaagaggcttgaattggttttggggactgttgagagaggaatt
tactcgaaacagaggcaaggacag
>Penicillium_nalgiovense|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgatatcctcacacagctccagacttgtctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacacttggctatctcacaacgtaccacgacaatgcccctacaacaccaccgcctaat
gtcccagacgcagcaccggccctagccaaaatcatcaagaacaagtcatcaccgccggta
ccagcatccatcgcaaacacggctggagcagcggccgttgcaggaaacgcatcacccccg
cttgcgcctcctcaacaacctggagcagca------------------------------
ccagcaacagcacctgaaaaccaagatcccggccttccccccgcaccggactcaccccgc
acatttgcaagccggcagcgggaacttgcgcgcgatcttattattaaggaacaacagatc
gagcacctcatctctgtgcttcctgggattggcgcctctgaggctgagcaagaggccaga
atccgggaactggagacagagcttagaggcgttgagaaggagcgtgctgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaggttgcggactcggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgttgctgtgggtatc
catagggatgagtaccctcaaaag
>Penicillium_nordicum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacacagctccagacttgtctggatcagcttgcaacacaattctac
gcaacactcggttatctcacaacataccacgacaatgcccccacaacaccaccaccgaat
gtccccggcgcagcaccagccctagcaaaaatcaccaagaactcatcatcaccaccggtc
ccagcagccatcgcaaataaagtgggtgcagctgctgttgcgggcaatgcatcaccccca
caggcgcctcctcaacaacccggggctgcg------------------------------
ccagggagagcagtagaaggcgaagatcccaaccttcctcccgcgccagactcacccagc
acatttgcaagccggcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaagaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctccgtgcttcccgggattggcgcctctgaggctgaacaagaaaccaga
atccaggacctggagaccgagcttagaggcgtcgagaaggagcgcgctgcgaaagtgcgg
gagttgaaaaagttgaggactcggttggaggatgttcttggcgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
cacggggacgggtactctcaaaac
>Penicillium_occitanis|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatattaacccagctccaaacatgtctcgaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctctgctacctcagcacctaccacgaccacgtccccgccacaccgcaaaacaaa
---------------------------------ccgctgaacagcaaggccaagcctcac
ccttttcaggcgcaggcggagcag------------gagcaggaggaggagaaacgtcga
------------------------------------------------------------
---------cgctccctccagggagatccgagtcagcctccgctaccggattcgcctcag
ttgtttttatatcgacaaaaggaattagcgcgtgatttgattataaaggagcagcagatt
gagtacctgattggaagattaccgggcatcggatcgtcggaagcagagcaagaagcgcga
attcgagaattggagagtgaactgagacaggttgagcttgcaagggagaagaaagcgaga
gaattgaagaagttggggaagaggcttgagttggtattgggaacggtcgagagagggatt
tattcgaagcaacagaggaatagt
>Penicillium_oxalicum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcggacattctgacccagctgcaaacatgtcttgatcagctcgcaacgcaattctat
gccacgcttggctatctcaacacatatcatgacaattcgcccgccacacctcctcctggt
atttcaaatgccgcgcctgctctggcgaaaatgtccaagaatacgaccgctcctccggtt
cccgcatccatcgcgaactccgcggccggcgccgcagcggcgggtgcagcttcgccagtg
ccgccacctacgcagcaacctggtgcagaa------------------------------
tcaggagca---ggggaaggtgaagaaaccaacgctctaccgaggccagactcgccgcgt
acatttgcggcacgacagcgcgaattggcgcgagatctcatcattaaagaacagcagatt
gaatatctgatctcagtattgccggggattggcgcgtcagaaaaggagcaagagacgaga
atccgagagctggaagctcaactgcgcgaagtggagaaggagcgtactgccaaagccaca
gaactgaagcaattacggacaaggttggagaacgttctaggcgctgtttctactggaatt
tacggtgacagggagcaa------
>Penicillium_paneum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacattctcacgcagctccagacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacgcttggctatctcataacatatcacgacaatgcccctacaacaccaccgcctaat
gtccccgacgcagcaccagccttagccaagatgaccaaaaactcgtcatcaccaccggtc
ccagcagctgtcgcaaataaagtgggtgcagccgtcgttgcaggaaatgcatcacccccg
cttgcaccccctcaacaacccggagctgca------------------------------
ccggcgaccgcaccagaaggtggagatcccaatcttcctcccgcgccggactcaccaagc
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggaacttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctctgtgcttcctgggattggcgcttctgaggctgagcaagagaccaga
atccgggaactggagatagagcttagaggcgttgaaaaagagcgcgctgtaaaagtgcgc
gagttgaaaaagttgcgggctcggctggaggatgttctcggtgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
catggagatgggtattcccagaat
>Penicillium_paxilli|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacattctgactcaactccagacttgtctggatcagctggcaacccaattctac
gcaacgctaggatacctcagtacctaccatgacaactcccccgcgataccaccttcaaat
gtccccgatgccgctccggccctagccaaaatgtccaaaaacaccacttcacccccgatt
ccagcttcagtggcagcatccacgggcgcagggggcgccggtccagccgcatcaccaccc
cctccacctccacaacaacccggcgcagcc------------------------------
ccaggagcc---gcagaagtcgccgacccaaccctcccacctgagccagattcgccgcgc
acatttgcgagtcgacaaagggagctcgctcgtgatttgattattaaggagcaacagatc
gagtacctcatttctgttctaccgggcattggaacttcggaagcagagcaagaagctagg
attcgtgagctggaggtgcagcttagagaagttgaggaaaagcgagaggctaaggcttta
gaacttaagaaactgcgaggtaaattggagaatgtcctcggtgcggtttcggttggtgtt
catggggataaggaatatcgaaag
>Penicillium_polonicum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacgcagctccaaacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacactcggttatctcacaacataccacgacaatgcccccacaacaccaccaccgaat
gtccccgacgcagcaccagccctagccaagatcaccaagaactcatcatcaccaccggtc
ccagcagccatcgcaaataaagtgggtgcagccgccgttgcaggcaatgcatcaccccca
catgcgcctcctcaacaacccggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggacagcagtagaaggtgaagatcccaaccttcctcccgctccagattcacccagc
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctccgtgcttcctggaattggcgcctctgaggctgagcaggagaccaga
atccgggagctggagaccgagcttagaggcgttgagaaggaacgcgctgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaagttgaggactcggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
cacggggatggataccctcaaaag
>Penicillium_roqueforti|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacattctcacgcagctccagacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacgcttggctatctcacaacataccacgacaatgcccctacaacaccaccgcctaat
gtccccgacgcagcaccagccttagccaagatggccaagaactcgtcctcgccaccggtc
ccagcagccgtcgcaaacaaagtgggtgcagccgtcgttgctggaaatgcatcacccccg
cttgcaccccctcaacaacccggagctgca------------------------------
ccggggacagcaccagaaggtggagatcccaaccttcctcccgcgccggactcacccagc
acatttgcgagtcggcagcgggaacttgcgcgcgatctgattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctctgtgcttcctggaattggcgcttccgaggccgagcaagagagcaga
atccgggaactggagacagagctcagagacgttgagaaagagcgcgctgcgaaagtgcgg
gagttgagaaagttgcggactcggctggaggatgttctcggtgctgtcgcggtgggtatc
catggagatgggtactctcagaat
>Penicillium_rubens|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgatattctcacgcagctccagacttgtctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacacttggctatctcacaacctaccacgacaatgcccccacaacaccaccgcctaat
gtcccagacgcagcaccagccctagccaaaatcatcaagaacaagtcatcaccaccagta
ccagcatccatcgcaaacaaggccggagcagcggccgttgcaggaaacgcatcacccccg
cttgcgcctcctcaacaacctggagccgca------------------------------
ccagcaacagcaccagaaaaccaagatcccaaccttcctcccgcaccagactcaccccgc
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggaacttgcgcgcgatcttattatcaaggaacaacagatc
gagtacctcatctctgtgcttcctgggattggcgcctctgaagctgagcaagaggccaga
atccgggaacttgagacagagcttagaggcgtcgagaaggagcgtgctgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaagttgcggacacggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgttgctgtgggtatc
catggggatgagtaccctcgaaag
>Penicillium_sclerotiorum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctaacccaactgcaaacctgcctggaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gctacactgggctacctctcaacataccacgacaacagcccagcaatc---ccaccaaac
atccccgacgcagctcctgccctcgccaaaatctccaaaaatgccacatccccaccaatc
ccagcctccatagccgcaaaatcaggctcagacgccgtcgcaggacaagcatctccaccc
cccgcaccaccacaacagcccggcgccgtc------------------------------
---------------gccgacgaagacccgaatcagccgccacagcctgactcgccgcgc
acgttcgcaagtcggcagcgggagctggcgcgcgacctcattatcaaggagcagcagatc
gagtatctgatttccgtactgcctgggatcggagcttcggaggcggagcaggaggctagg
atccgggagttggagggtcagttgagggaggtggaggaggcgagagaagctaaggcgcag
gagttgagggggctgaggacgaggttggatgctgtgcttggggctgtttctgtgggggtt
catggggatagagagccgcgggag
>Penicillium_solitum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacacagctccaaacttgcttggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacactcggttatctcacaacataccacgacaatgcccccacaacaccaccaccgaat
gtccccgacgcagcaccagccctagccaagatcaccaagaactcatcatcaccaccggtc
ccagcagccatcgcaaataaagtgggtgcagccgccgttgcaggcaatgcatcaccccca
catgcgcctcctcaacaacccggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggacagcagtagaaggtgaagaccccaaccttcctcccgctccagactcacccagc
acatttgcgagccggcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaggaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctccgtgcttcctgggattggcgcctctgaagctgagcaggagaccaga
atccgggagctggagaccgagcttagagacgttgagaaggagcgcgctgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaaaaagttgaggactcggctggaggatgttctcggcgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
cacggggatggataccctcaaaag
>Penicillium_steckii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacattctaactcagttacagacttgtctcgatcagctcgcaactcaattctac
gcaacgctaggctacctcagtacctaccatgacaattcccccgcgatcccccctccaaac
gttccagacgcagtcccagctctagcaaaaatgtccaaaaatacaacatcacccccaatc
cccgcatcagtcgcagcatccgcagacgcaagtggtgcaggtccagccgcatcaccacca
cccccacaaccccaacaacccggcgcagca------------------------------
ccagggaca---gcagaaattcaagatccaaatcaacccccagaaccagattctccaagt
acattcgccagtcgtcaaagagaactcgccagagatcttattatcaaggaacagcaaatc
gagtatctcatctctgtcctacctggtatcgggacctcggaggctgagcaagaagctaag
attcgtgaattggaggtacagcttagagaagttgaggagaaacgtgaggcgaaggctctt
gaattgaagaagttgcgggggaaattagagaatgttcttggtgctgtttcgatt------
------------------------
>Penicillium_subrubescens|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctcactcagctccaaacatgtctcgaccagctcgcaactcaattctac
gccacgctaggctatctcagtacctaccatgacaactcccccgccacccctccaccaggc
attcccaacgccgcaccagccctagccaaaatgtccaaaaacacaacctcaccacccgtt
cccgcctccatcgccgcatccgcagcaggggcagcagccgccggcgccgcatcaccagtc
cccccaccaacacaacaacccggcgcagaa------------------------------
ccaggagcc---ctcgaaggcgaagatccatctctccttccacggccagactcaccgcgc
acattcgcggctcgacagcgagagctggcgcgggatcttattatcaaagagcagcagatc
gagtatttgatctcggtgttgccggggattggggcttcggaggcggagcaggaggcgagg
attcgagagctagagacgcagttgcgggaggtggagaaggagcgtgttgcgaaggcggag
gagctgaagctgttgagggggagattagaggatgtgcttggggctgtttcggtggggttg
tatggtgatcgg------------
>Penicillium_verrucosum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatcctcacgcagctccagacttgcctggatcagcttgcaacacaattctac
gcaacacttggttatctcacaacataccacgacaatgcccccacaacaccaccaccaaat
gtccccgacgcagcaccagccctagcaaagatcaccaagaactcatcatcaccaccagtc
ccagcagccatcgcaaataaagtgggtgcagctgctgttgcgggcaatgcatcaccccca
caggcgcctcctcaacaacccggagctgcg------------------------------
ccagggagagcagtagaaggtgaagatcccaaccttcctcccgcgccagactcgcccagc
acatttgcaagccggcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaagaacagcagatc
gagtaccttatctccgtgcttcccgggattggcgcctctgaggctgaacaagaaaccaga
atccaggacctggaaaccgagcttagaggcgtcgagaaggagcgcgctgcgaaagtgcgg
gagttgaaaaagttgaggactcggttggaggatgttcttggcgctgtcgctgtgggtatc
cacggggatggttactctcaaaac
>Penicillium_vulpinum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggctgacatccttacgcagctccagacttgcctggatcagctcgcaacacaattctac
gcaacacttggctatctcacaacataccacgacaatgcccccacgataccaccgccgaat
gtacccgatgcagtaccggccctagccaagatgaccaagaactcatcatcaccaccggtc
ccagcagcgatcgcaaacagagtgggtgcagccaccgttgcaggaaatgcatcaccaccg
cttgcgcctcctcaacaacctggcgctgcg------------------------------
ccagcagcagcagcagaaggtggagatcctaacctccctcctgcaccggactcacccagc
acatttgcgagtcggcagcgggagcttgcgcgcgatctcattatcaaggaacagcagatt
gagtatctcatctctgtgcttcctgggattggcgcttctgaggctgagcaagaggctaga
atccgggaactagagacggaactcagagacgttgaaaaggagcgcgccgcgaaagtccgg
gagttgaagaagttgaggaatcggctggatgatgttctcggcgctgtggctgtgggtatc
catggggatgggtatcctccaaag
>Trichoderma_reesei|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atgggcgaccgactcacgcagctacaagatgcagttgatcagttcgctcagcagcttgtc
gcttgcatgcactttgtccagatgcgccatgatctcgagaaactaggtccaaacgacaag
atccgcgagcctaag---------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
---------------gagcaagcggcaaaagaagtggatgccctgcct------ccacaa
gactttcgagccggcctagtcgagctttcgcgagacctcattgtgaaggagcagcagatc
gaagtcctcatctcaacccttcccggcctcgacaacagcgaacaagaccaggagcgacac
ataagggaccttgaagaagacttgaagacggccgaggcacagcgggtggaagcactgagg
gagaaggagctcatcttgacccagcttgacgccatcatacgcaacgtacggcggcca---
------------------------
>Trichophyton_rubrum|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcggatatcctcacgcagctccaaacatgccttgatcagttggcgacccagttctac
gctactctctgctatctcactacctaccatgaccattcgccagccatacctccaccaaac
gtcccaaccgcaatcccgcagctgaagaaaataccaaagaacgca---ccgccaaacact
ccagccgctcagccggcctcggga---------caagcgcaaggacaagacactccccag
cagcaacagcagcagcagcagcagcagcaa------------------------------
ggagaggccggaacgcaagagcagaacaaggatcttccaccacggcctgattcgtcgaac
acatttgcccagcgacagagagaattggcgagagatctaattataaaagagcagcagatc
gaatatctcattagcgtgcttcctggcatagggagcagtgaggcagagcaagaagccagg
atacggcagctcgcagatgagttacgggaggcggaaaagatacgcagacggaaacgaaag
cagatgaagaaacttgcagaaagtattgatgggctgctggaagctgttagtcgggggata
------------------------
>Uncinocarpus_reesii|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggcagacatcctcacccagctccaaacctgcctggaccagctcgcaacccaattctac
gccacaatcgcctacctcgacacctaccacgaccactcccccgccatcccaccccccaac
gtccccaacgccgtcccgcaactcaacaagatccccaagaatcct---cttcccgccgtc
gctgccgccggcacgacagccaac------------acccccggcgcgccgctgcccccc
------------------------------------------------------------
---gacgcccaacagcaacagcaacacccagacggtccgccg---cccgactcgccgggg
acgttcctcatgcgccagcgcgagctggcccgcgatctgatcatcaaggagcagcagatt
gaatatttggttagtgtgctaccggggatcaaatcgagtgaggcggagcagctggagcgc
atcaagcagctggcgggcgagttgagagcggtggaggaggagcggagctcgaaacgaagg
gagttgcggaagttgggggagaaggtggacggattactgggggcggtgagtaggggaatg
---ggagat---------------
>Xeromyces_bisporus|EOG091N44MS 624 bp
atggccgacatcctaacccaactccaaacctgtctagaccaactagcaacccaattctac
gcaaccctctgctacctaacaacctaccacgacaacatccccgccctcccaccccccaac
aaccccgatgcagctccaccacttgccaaaatcccaaaaacctccaccgcacccccggtc
cccgcgacggcgccacaggaagatcagaaacacggtcagcaacaatcgcaacaacaacaa
aatcagcaacaacagcagcagcaacagcaacagcaagaggcaaatcaa------------
gcaaaccaaccggaacctatagatgacccaacgataccacctgagccggactcgccgcgg
acgttcgcgagtcggcagcgggagcttgcgcgggatttagtgctgaaggagcagcagatt
gagtatcttgtgtcggtgttgcctggggttggcgcttcggaggttgagcaggagggtagg
attcgggagttggagggggagctccgaggggtggaggtggagaggggggtgaagatgagg
gagttgaggggtttgagaaggaggttggagggggttttgggagctgttgaggtggggata
tacggggatcggggggttgttgcg
